README.md, before:

# Welcome to UNICORN (BluBerry Clone)
<h3>UNICORN is a American ecommerce website where we can buy different categories of products, the principle that clothing should be designed to protect people from the British weather.</h3>

## [Deployed URL](https://testy-throne-7976.vercel.app/)

## Our Team Members

- Kausik Bhaumik (My Linkedin profile :- https://www.linkedin.com/in/kausik-bhaumik-617179229/)

- Tanmoy Roy (My Linkedin profile :- https://www.linkedin.com/in/tanmoy-roy-b28411209/)

- prashant sathawane (My Linkedin profile :- https://www.linkedin.com/in/prashant-sathawane-b28411209/)

- Suraj Yadav (My Linkedin profile :- https://www.linkedin.com/in/suraj-yadav-003626236/)

- Suraj (My Linkedin profile :- https://www.linkedin.com/in/suraj-b1678b13b/)
<br/>

<h4 align="center">💻 Tech Stack</h4>
 <div align="center">
 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" align="center" alt="html5">
 <img src = "https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" align="center" alt="css3">
 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E"  align="center" alt="javascript" />
 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB"  align="center" alt="reactjs" />
   <img src = "https://img.shields.io/badge/chakra ui-%234ED1C5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=chakraui&logoColor=white" align="center" alt="chakra-ui"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white"  align="center" alt="react-router" />
</div>
<br/>



<div align="center"><h3 align="center">Tools</h3> 
   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7" align="center" alt="git"/>
  <img src = "https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white" align="center" alt="npm">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"  align="center" alt="github"/>
   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio-5C2D91.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio&logoColor=white"  align="center" alt="vscode"/>
    
      
</div>
<br/>

## Let's Dive into What we have made

## HomePage :
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229422717-abaf51c5-89c0-48ec-b573-c592f0bf4ac9.png)
<br/>

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229422930-fe27dfeb-c3a3-4c17-93a6-c437f273c026.png)
<br/>

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229423013-71fe6a2b-42bf-4f2b-b89c-d1518c6fb6f4.png)
<br/>

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229423119-2e5a14c0-e70b-4a9b-83c2-18bc9e9a6f8a.png)
<br/>
## Signup Page: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229423203-1c87dc49-f254-4ba1-aa4e-6f54c42ac889.png)
<br/>

## Signin Page:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229423270-ac958faf-9328-40eb-84fd-6580404f58a4.png)
<br/>

## Women Page:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229423404-ea301d93-4aca-4559-9dfa-5409b34cee1f.png)
<br/>

## Men Page:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229423459-7a50eea5-11d3-4bdf-a6f0-10ea4f59f8f5.png)
<br/>

## Cart Page:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229423643-5feced09-9b0e-4f4f-8263-708b71ea8bd9.png)
<br/>

## Checkout Page:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229423717-343d6f31-3ddd-4893-8378-fcf23ac2c81f.png)
<br/>

## Admin Section:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229423901-53b41bde-f247-4442-9e2b-4c093a1d0402.png)
<br/>

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229423985-1ba4fe14-2a11-48d6-8c95-52def3a834a4.png)

<br/>

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229424021-47925d6e-8cd8-4a21-8f4a-8e8378d9e511.png)

<br/>

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229424071-654d62aa-74be-4114-a8ea-124c2fb1298b.png)

<br/>

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229424144-673f145d-1d50-496b-997b-3993f820216e.png)

<br/>

## Our Learnings
On this journey we faced many issues, but we keep motivated each other with patience. 

- We all learned how to read and understand the code of other team members.

- We learned how to write more efficient and clean code.

- Even though  We also learned how to plan a project and how to execute it step by step.

- By this Project we have learned how to collaborate and communicate with team effectively and improving the productivity.

- We also got a glimpse of using GitHub for the version control.

Source Code(GitHub link):- https://github.com/Loki343/testy-throne-7976

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

### Thank you

Commit message:

How to login and signup for both user sight and admin sight

README.md, after:

# Welcome to UNICORN (BluBerry Clone)
<h3>UNICORN is a American ecommerce website where we can buy different categories of products, the principle that clothing should be designed to protect people from the British weather.</h3>

## [Deployed URL](https://testy-throne-7976.vercel.app/)

## Our Team Members

- Kausik Bhaumik (My Linkedin profile :- https://www.linkedin.com/in/kausik-bhaumik-617179229/)

- Tanmoy Roy (My Linkedin profile :- https://www.linkedin.com/in/tanmoy-roy-b28411209/)

- prashant sathawane (My Linkedin profile :- https://www.linkedin.com/in/prashant-sathawane-b28411209/)

- Suraj Yadav (My Linkedin profile :- https://www.linkedin.com/in/suraj-yadav-003626236/)

- Suraj (My Linkedin profile :- https://www.linkedin.com/in/suraj-b1678b13b/)
<br/>

<h4 align="center">💻 Tech Stack</h4>
 <div align="center">
 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" align="center" alt="html5">
 <img src = "https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" align="center" alt="css3">
 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E"  align="center" alt="javascript" />
 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB"  align="center" alt="reactjs" />
   <img src = "https://img.shields.io/badge/chakra ui-%234ED1C5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=chakraui&logoColor=white" align="center" alt="chakra-ui"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white"  align="center" alt="react-router" />
</div>
<br/>



<div align="center"><h3 align="center">Tools</h3> 
   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7" align="center" alt="git"/>
  <img src = "https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white" align="center" alt="npm">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"  align="center" alt="github"/>
   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio-5C2D91.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio&logoColor=white"  align="center" alt="vscode"/>
    
      
</div>
<br/>

## Let's Dive into What we have made

## HomePage :
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229422717-abaf51c5-89c0-48ec-b573-c592f0bf4ac9.png)
<br/>

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229422930-fe27dfeb-c3a3-4c17-93a6-c437f273c026.png)
<br/>

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229423013-71fe6a2b-42bf-4f2b-b89c-d1518c6fb6f4.png)
<br/>

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229423119-2e5a14c0-e70b-4a9b-83c2-18bc9e9a6f8a.png)
<br/>
## Signup Page: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229423203-1c87dc49-f254-4ba1-aa4e-6f54c42ac889.png)
<br/>

## Signin Page:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229423270-ac958faf-9328-40eb-84fd-6580404f58a4.png)
<br/>

## Women Page:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229423404-ea301d93-4aca-4559-9dfa-5409b34cee1f.png)
<br/>

## Men Page:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229423459-7a50eea5-11d3-4bdf-a6f0-10ea4f59f8f5.png)
<br/>

## Cart Page:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229423643-5feced09-9b0e-4f4f-8263-708b71ea8bd9.png)
<br/>

## Checkout Page:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229423717-343d6f31-3ddd-4893-8378-fcf23ac2c81f.png)
<br/>

## Admin Section:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229423901-53b41bde-f247-4442-9e2b-4c093a1d0402.png)
<br/>

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229423985-1ba4fe14-2a11-48d6-8c95-52def3a834a4.png)

<br/>

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229424021-47925d6e-8cd8-4a21-8f4a-8e8378d9e511.png)

<br/>

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229424071-654d62aa-74be-4114-a8ea-124c2fb1298b.png)

<br/>

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106387298/229424144-673f145d-1d50-496b-997b-3993f820216e.png)

<br/>

## How to login in our website
1. At first click on signup and fill all the required fields and click on signup button to create your user-id.
2. To signin into the website fill your email and password as per your signup data.

## How to login at Admin Sight
Email - unicornadmin@gmail.com
Password - admin1234

## Our Learnings
On this journey we faced many issues, but we keep motivated each other with patience. 

- We all learned how to read and understand the code of other team members.

- We learned how to write more efficient and clean code.

- Even though  We also learned how to plan a project and how to execute it step by step.

- By this Project we have learned how to collaborate and communicate with team effectively and improving the productivity.

- We also got a glimpse of using GitHub for the version control.

Source Code(GitHub link):- https://github.com/Loki343/testy-throne-7976

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

### Thank you
